1. We are quite happy with how the project is going so far, we need to finish up the game class and put all the interface stuff on top of the functionality, but it's mostly just bringing everything together at this point.
1. We feel we have worked quite well together, most of our programming has been done together on zoom in a hybrid pair programming fashion. We took some time at the beginning to do planning, but that went well and formed a solid basis for productive struggle. We have of course come across techinical challenges the required us to look things up and play around with code options, but we feel like it has been quite productive. None of our hangups have taken that long to solve with two pairs of eyes looking at, and we have continually progressed forward.
1. https://github.com/ajongaro/connect_four/pull/13 we're proud of this as it allowed us to eliminate a significant amount of hardcoded lines and replace with them a smoother implementation and save storage space.
1. Our biggest block so far has been trying to find a cleaner implementation of the diagonal win condition check, but we are ok with the implementation we currently have. 
1. We spent a lot of time debugging our nested array methodology for creating the hash with the spaces as values to the grid key. We used pry and a lot of puts, especially during the implementation of the pretty_print method to make sure we were getting the correct looking screen value.
1. We don't have any scheduling issues at this time, we both have some small plans this weekend, but have most of the time blocked off for project work as we need it. Our hope right now is to ideally have the first 3 iterations and functionality complete by some time saturday and then jump into the iteration 4 material.
1. We'd be curious to get some more experienced thoughts on how to run a recursion or other algorithmic methodology to check for diagonal win conditions within our current framework. 